Initialized Vitepress w/ Basic Information (#2)
KZGlobalTeam/cs2kz-docs: docs/guides/Maps.md

> not to be interpreted literally.

1. Very Easy - for the average player who has never touched KZ before
2. Easy - you grasp the basics of CS2 movement, like airstrafing and bhopping
3. Medium - you have some KZ experience and are comfortable with the basics
4. Advanced - you are comfortable with strafing, bhopping, surfing, and ladder
   movement
5. Hard - you have played quite a bit of KZ now and are comfortable combining
   the above techniques
6. Very Hard - tier 5 but harder
7. Extreme - you can KZ in your sleep and are competing for World Records
8. Death - you have mastered KZ and can complete the most difficult of maps
9. Unfeasible - technically possible, but probably not by humans; reserved for
   TAS runs
10. Impossible - literally and technically impossible, even with perfect inputs

Unlike in GOKZ, tiers will not be applied to maps anymore, but rather to
[Filters](#filters).

## Courses

Each map in CS2KZ consists of one or more "courses." A course is a segment of gameplay
 defined by a start and an end zone. Unlike GOKZ, CS2KZ eliminates the distinction between
  "main" and "bonus" courses—there are simply courses.

> To have a [map approved](./MapApproval.md), mappers must meet a minimum quality standard 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To have a [map approved](/mapping/approval), mappers must meet a minimum quality standard 
```

(not yet defined). To balance creativity with fair competition, CS2KZ introduces the concept
 of "ranked" filters. This allows for diverse course types:

- High-quality, high-effort courses (formerly "main" courses in GOKZ) designed for competitive play.
- Fun or experimental courses (previously "bonus" courses) that offer more creative gameplay.

For a filter to be ranked, it must:

- Be a tier of 8 or lower.
- Be "reasonable to compete on" (a subjective standard to be further clarified later in development).

## Filters

In CS2KZ, each course has a filter which represents a unique combination of mode,
 teleport settings, difficulty tier, and "ranked" status. Filters create different 
 variations of a course, providing players with distinct challenges and aligning the 
 course with the appropriate difficulty level.

### Key Components of a Filter

> 1. **Mode** - This defines how the course is played (either [CKZ](./Modes.md#Classic) or [VNL](./Modes.md#Vanilla))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Mode** - This defines how the course is played (either [CKZ](/systems/modes#Classic) or [VNL](/systems/modes#Vanilla))
```
